(Go Won is getting used to the LOOΠΔ TV camera!)
Go Won : It comes out well than I thought!
Go Won : This clothes is pretty~
Go Won : It even has an arm(?)
Go Won : It's really hard to pose and make facial expression!
(You have to do more if you want to improve!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
(The seniors are helping her again!)
Yves : We told her that how about do it like this or that,
Yves : However if we are in front of the camera like her...
Yves : I think there's nothing different between us and her.
Chuu: Right~
Yves : Everyone's clumsy in the beginning~
Yves: You know? The lips tremble in front of the camera.
Yves : And hands are even lost their way.
Yves : Try to raise like this but my hands return to original position in the end.
Chuu : I thought like 'Now I'm good at posing. Let's try other pose!'
Chuu : So I was going to be bold like this...
Yves & Chuu : They said like 'Stop~ That's no good'
Chuu: This is how we work~!